This is part two of the level analog
system. Okay. In this part, we're going
to have to create safe data, save game
data and add some functionality for the
buttons. Okay, first thing first is go
here and go to the blueprint class.
After that, go all classes.
Search for save data. Save game.
I'm going to name this one my save game
BP.
Okay, double click it.
Okay, in this save game we have to
create some variable.
First one selected asia.
Level
two
unlock.
Level two unlock it. Second one. Level
three unlock it.
port one level four unlocked.
Okay, hit compile. Save and let's return
here to my level UI widget. Okay, by
default the level one is unlock it.
Let's open level by object reference set
LV01.
Make it right here.
And now let's add functional for
delete.
Delete
game in slot. One name is slot S1
and print string. Print message for this
one. Let's change the color of those.
printing
the game is
I think it's fine.
Okay, let's move right here and command
it one
data.
Now let's implement the save game data.
Let's go here to the event construct.
We have to does save game exist and the
slot number one is one.
Set bronze. Press B.
Connect the turn value to the condition.
If if it is not existed, create safe
game object. Create
save game object.
Choose my save game BP. No print. Now
save game to slot.
Okay. And set my slot S1
from this one. Let us load the game if
it exist. load game from slot
S1
and make it right here.
Finally, let's cast it to my save game.
Save game BP.
From this, let's create a variable
variable. My save game BP
want to use this variable
to the save game. Okay. File
all of this commented and create
save game.
Let's move here to
from this one. Let's get my save game BP
and drag this one and set is valid.
If it is valid,
drag here this object reference
from my safe key MP set get level to
unlocked
to is unlocked
and from this and press B for branch
if it's true open level number two
level by object transference
level number uh two. Now let's
duplicate this for all of those.
Okay, if it's valid now change this one
by level number three.
Three is unlocked
here. Level three.
Ctrl + V another time to duplicate it
from each valid. Let's get level four.
You can add the levels as you want.
Hit compile. Save all. Okay. Now let's
move right here. And let's get layer
controller
from this one. Set input
game only.
Okay. Drag this node for all the levels.
By default, all of these level are
locked.
Let's make it here print string.
Print string
and this print string want to set loc.
Okay. from the force node is
false for input. Drag it all to the
print string
and from that we have to remove from
parent
remove from parent.
Okay. What's remains? So you have to
compile all
after that before that set game
was it make it true.
Uh okay fine and uh this uh second video
I want to add save game creating save
game data blueprint class and add some
functionality for the buttons. On the
next part and the final part, part part
three, we have to add teleport system
between levels with a safe game data.
When I create actor, teleporter actor
and uh we have to add the functionality
for the when you access to the teleport,
you move to level two and level three
and level four and lastly. Okay, fine
guys. Thank you for watching. This is
all for this tutorial. Subscribe to this
channel and support me in the Patreon
for more more tutorials like this. See
you later in the next tutorial.